== Movie Theater 

This Rails app allows a client to start selling tickets online.  Bootstrap 3 is used and styling is very limited thus far, although the app works well on mobile.  No actual payment process is implemented.

My mindset while building this app was to make sure I kept it as simple as possible while still completing all of the functionality required by the client.  I chose Bootstrap since I'm familiar with its grid system which allows for an app to be built for early mobile use.  There are two tables in the database; Showings is for a movie's showing details, and Tickets is for customer purchases.  I had thought about creating a third table called Seats which could act as a join table connecting a Showing to a purchased Ticket, but I decided against that since the two tables are sufficient to build the app according to the client's requirements.  If future work included creating a User table for the theater's customers, then the Ticket table could be modified to act as a join table between Users and Showings.  

The Admin Board easily allows the theater owner to view all past and future movie showings, create a new showing, and view all ticket sales or sales by movie.  The prompt for this project didn't mention anything about ticket price, so I didn't include that in the database.  In the future a price column could easily be added.  

The following functionality is built into this app:

* Customers can visit and see movies with their showtimes

* Movie tickets can be purchased so long as their remain available seats in the movie showing

* Validations prevent bogus customer orders from completing, and a customer is notified if there is a problem with his order

* Email receipts are sent when tickets are purchased, but I've had to reauthorize my gmail account for this app after authentication errors

* The theater owner can set and edit a movie's time, auditorium, and capacity

* All ticket sales are saved to the database so that the owner can see a list of orders for each movie via an Admin page

Visit a live version of this app at: https://ericstheater.herokuapp.com/
